Client-Side Attacks
The Metasploit Framework
also offers many features
that assist with client-side attacks,
including various executable formats
beyond those we have already explored.
We can review some of
these executable formats with the
-l formats option of msfvenom
The hta-psh, vba, and vba-psh formats,
are designed for use
in client-side attacks
by creating either a
malicious HTML Application
or an Office macro for use in a Word or
Excel document, respectively.
The MSF also contains
many browser exploits.
For example, we can search for “flash” to
display multiple Flash-based exploits.
While the exploits are verified and most
are stable, they are also somewhat
dated due to the increasing challenges
of developing browser exploits.
If we discover a target running an older
operating system like Windows 7
with an unpatched browser, this type
of vector may provide the opening we need.